you know as a chaplain were faced with a lot of immoral issues that come
up. They may be legal in certain situations, but one issue that I
can really remember standing up to and it's not common just to me is,
you know, the fact of of pornography, within workspaces or within
people's personal possession, to have to stand up and say, Hey, this
is not right. This is You should have these posters up because we
have mixed crew and this could offend certain individuals. And although
it made me less popular with certain divisions, it was the right
thing to do, and it made it a safer environment for everybody to enjoy
and get the job done.